1. Identify the top 10 customers and their email so we can reward them
2. What are the most profitable movie genres? 
3. How many rented movies were returned late, early, and on time?
4. Which country is the most profitable for the business?
5. What is the average rental rate per movie genre?
6. Create a query that lists each movie, the film category it is classified in, and the number of times it has been rented out.
7. How many distinct users have rented each genre?
8. What is the average rental rate for each genre? (from the highest to the lowest)
9. What are the total sales in each country? 
10. Do we have actors in the actor table that share the full name and if yes display those shared names
11. Display the customer names that share the same address (e.g. families).
12. Display the total amount payed by all customers combined in the payment table.
13. Display the total amount payed by each customer in the payment table.
14. What's the highest amount paid by a customer?
15. What is the name of the customer who made the highest total payments?
16. What is the movie(s) that was rented the most?
17. Which movies have been rented so far?
18. Which movies have not been rented so far?
19. Which customers have not rented any movies so far?
20. Display each movie and the number of times it got rented
21. Show the number of movies each actor acted in
22. Display the names of the actors that acted in more than 20 movies
23. How many actors have 8 letters only in their first_names?
24. For all the movies rated “PG” show the movie and the number of times it got rented
25. Display the movies offered for rent in store_id 1 and not offered in store_id 2
26. Display the movies offered for rent in any of the two stores 1 and 2
27. Display the movie titles of those movies offered in both stores at the same time
28. For each store, display the number of customers that are members of that store
29. Display the movie title for the most rented movie in the store with store_id 1
30. How many movies are not offered for rent in the stores yet?
31. Display the customer_id’s for those customers that rented a movie DVD more than once.
32. Show the number of rented movies under each rating
33. Show the earnings of each of the stores 1 and 2
34. Count the number of actors who’s first_names don’t start with an ‘A’.
35. Find actor’s first_name that starts with ‘P’ followed by (an e or an a) then any other letter.
36. Find customer first_names that starts with ‘P’ followed by any 5 letters.
